[Issue 11496][C++] Allow partitioned producers to start lazily (#11570)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/client-libraries-cpp.md

## Create a consumer

To use Pulsar as a consumer, you need to create a consumer on the C++ client. There are two main ways of using the consumer:
- blocking style: synchronously calling `receive(msg)`

> - asynchronous (event based) style: using a message listener

Reviewer: capitalize the first word?

    std::cout << "Got message " << msg << " with content '" << msg.getDataAsString() << "'" << std::endl;
    messagesReceived++;
    consumer.acknowledgeAsync(msg.getMessageId(), handleAckComplete);
}

int main() {
    Client client("pulsar://localhost:6650");

    Consumer consumer;
    ConsumerConfiguration config;
    config.setMessageListener(listener);
    config.setSubscriptionInitialPosition(InitialPositionEarliest);
    Result result = client.subscribe("persistent://public/default/my-topic", "consumer-1", config, consumer);
    if (result != ResultOk) {
        std::cout << "Failed to subscribe: " << result << std::endl;
        return -1;
    }

    // wait for 100 messages to be consumed
    while (messagesReceived < 100) {
        std::this_thread::sleep_for(std::chrono::milliseconds(100));
    }

    std::cout << "Finished consuming asynchronously!" << std::endl;

    client.close();
    return 0;
}
```

## Create a producer

To use Pulsar as a producer, you need to create a producer on the C++ client. There are two main ways of using a producer:
- blocking style where each call to `send` waits for an ack from the broker.

> - non-blocking asynchronous style where `sendAsync` is called instead of `send` and a callback is supplied for when the ack is received from the broker.

Reviewer: same comment as previously

```c++
#include <pulsar/Client.h>
#include <thread>

using namespace pulsar;

int main() {
    Client client("pulsar://localhost:6650");

    Result result = client.createProducer("persistent://public/default/my-topic", producer);
    if (result != ResultOk) {
        std::cout << "Error creating producer: " << result << std::endl;
        return -1;
    }

    // Send 100 messages synchronously
    int ctr = 0;
    while (ctr < 100) {
        std::string content = "msg" + std::to_string(ctr);
        Message msg = MessageBuilder().setContent(content).setProperty("x", "1").build();
        Result result = producer.send(msg);
        if (result != ResultOk) {
            std::cout << "The message " << content << " could not be sent, received code: " << result << std::endl;
        } else {
            std::cout << "The message " << content << " sent successfully" << std::endl;
        }

        std::this_thread::sleep_for(std::chrono::milliseconds(100));
        ctr++;
    }

    std::cout << "Finished producing synchronously!" << std::endl;

    client.close();
    return 0;
}
```

> ### Non-blockging example

Reviewer: blocking?

This example sends 100 messages using the non-blocking style calling `sendAsync` instead of `send`. This allows the producer to have multiple messages inflight at a time which increases throughput.

The producer configuration `blockIfQueueFull` is useful here to avoid `ResultProducerQueueIsFull` errors when the internal queue for outgoing send requests becomes full. Once the internal queue is full, `sendAsync` becomes blocking which can make your code simpler.

> Without this configuration the `Result` in the callback is the error `ResultProducerQueueIsFull` and you must decide how to deal with that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without this configuration, the `Result` in the callback returns the error `ResultProducerQueueIsFull`. You must decide how to deal with that.
```
do you mean this?

}

int main() {
    Client client("pulsar://localhost:6650");

    ProducerConfiguration producerConf;
    producerConf.setBlockIfQueueFull(true);
    Producer producer;
    Result result = client.createProducer("persistent://public/default/my-topic",
                                          producerConf, producer);
    if (result != ResultOk) {
        std::cout << "Error creating producer: " << result << std::endl;
        return -1;
    }

    // Send 100 messages asynchronously
    int ctr = 0;
    while (ctr < 100) {
        std::string content = "msg" + std::to_string(ctr);
        Message msg = MessageBuilder().setContent(content).setProperty("x", "1").build();
        producer.sendAsync(msg, std::bind(callback,
                                          std::placeholders::_1, std::placeholders::_2, content));

        std::this_thread::sleep_for(std::chrono::milliseconds(100));
        ctr++;
    }

    // wait for 100 messages to be acked
    while (acksReceived < 100) {
        std::this_thread::sleep_for(std::chrono::milliseconds(100));
    }

    std::cout << "Finished producing asynchronously!" << std::endl;

    client.close();
    return 0;
}
```

> ### Partitioned Topics and Lazy Producers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Partitioned topics and lazy producers
```
Pulsar docs use sentence case for headings

> When scaling out a Pulsar topic, you may configure a topic to have hundreds of partitions. Likewise, you may have also scaled out your producers so there are hundreds or even thousands of producers. This can put some strain the the Pulsar brokers as when you create a producer on a partitioned topic, internally it creates one internal producer per partition which involves communications to the brokers for each one. So for a topic with 1000 partitions and 1000 producers, it ends up creating 1,000,000 internal producers across the producer applications, each of which has to communicate with a broker to find out which broker it should connect to and then perform the connection handshake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When scaling out a Pulsar topic, you may configure a topic to have hundreds of partitions. Likewise, you may have also scaled out your producers so there are hundreds or even thousands of producers. This can put some strain the Pulsar brokers as when you create a producer on a partitioned topic, internally it creates one internal producer per partition which involves communications to the brokers for each one. So for a topic with 1000 partitions and 1000 producers, it ends up creating 1,000,000 internal producers across the producer applications, each of which has to communicate with a broker to find out which broker it should connect to and then perform the connection handshake.
```

> You can reduce the load caused by this combination of large number of partitions and many producers by doing the following:
> - use SinglePartition partition routing mode (this ensures that all messages are only sent to a single, randomly selected partition)
> - use non-keyed messages (when messages are keyed, routing is based on the hash of the key and so messages will end up being sent to multiple partitions)
> - use lazy producers (this ensures that an internal producer is only created on demand when a message needs to be routed to a partition)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can reduce the load caused by this combination of a large number of partitions and many producers by doing the following:
- use SinglePartition partition routing mode (this ensures that all messages are only sent to a single, randomly selected partition)
- use non-keyed messages (when messages are keyed, routing is based on the hash of the key and so messages will end up being sent to multiple partitions)
- use lazy producers (this ensures that an internal producer is only created on demand when a message needs to be routed to a partition)
```

With our example above, that reduces the number of internal producers spread out over the 1000 producer apps from 1,000,000 to just 1000.

> Note that it does mean that there can be extra latency for the first message sent. If you have a low send timeout set, this could trigger if the initial connection handshake is slow to complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that there can be extra latency for the first message sent. If you set a low send timeout, this could trigger if the initial connection handshake is slow to complete.
```
trigger what or sth is triggered？
